well howdy there internet people it's
bell again
so this morning we're going to talk
about two clean sweeps
i want to say around 3 a.m
decision desk called both races
in georgia for the democrats
i would point out that one of those
races is a very thin
margin so much so that i think state law
requires a recount but at this moment
it does look like the democrats won both
seats
so what does that mean
democrats have control of the house the
senate and the white house they can do
whatever they want right
not really in the senate most things
require 60 votes
democrats don't have it what it allows
them to do is set the legislative agenda
we all know that senate majority leader
mcconnell
was famous for just sitting on bills
he won't be able to do it anymore
that's that's the real power
that shifted i know a lot of people
are pointing to the appointments like
cabinet appointments for biden and stuff
like that
and how they'll be easier to get
confirmed
yeah that's true but realistically
they don't they don't matter as much as
people might think
most of biden's appointments are
political appointments
the real work the real executive agenda
is going to be set by people under
secretaries and stuff like that
functionaries so
if one of his appointees didn't get
confirmed
it's not going to change anything really
so that that's where the democratic
party stands
who else won big mcconnell
as weird as that sounds as far as the
trump mcconnell power struggle trump
lost everything
his veto got overridden didn't get the
stimulus checks he wanted
and his two candidates in georgia lost
so although mcconnell is going to lose
his uh senate majority position
he he kind of won control of the
republican party
um trump
walks away from today toxic
everything he touches is turning bad
and with the theatrics that are planned
for later today that are doomed
to fail most of his supporters are going
to
burn a whole bunch of political capital
today
and accomplish nothing
i don't want to say that trump is going
to disappear
never to rear his head again
but he has certainly lost a whole lot of
influence within the republican party it
appears
that mcconnell will be the new king
maker
um i mean i don't know if that's good or
bad to be honest
but those are the
the fights of today and uh
we'll see how it shapes up later during
the theatrics if you want to know what
to expect
there every state that they object to
is going to be two hours of debate
30 minutes of voting it's going to drag
on and
on and on there
is an option on the table that would
make
the democrats actually object
to slates of electors i don't know how
likely it is
but either way the end result is going
to be biden being confirmed
they don't have the votes trump
supporters do not have the votes to pull
this off
like not even close so and i would
imagine that even some of those who were
considering supporting yesterday
won't today anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day